Week 1 
            
                  1.What is a common reason for an ML model that works well in training but fails in production?
                  ANS: The ML dataset was improperly created
                  2. Personalized Algorithms are often built using which type of ML model?
                  ANS:  Recommendation systems
                  3.What is a key lesson Google has learned with regards to reducing the chance of failure in production ML models?
                    ANS: Process batch data and streaming data the same way
                    
  quiz 2
                        
                        1.Which of the following scenarios may require a supervised learning model to be retrained as a new model?
                        ANS:   The model was trained on labeled data and we now wish to correct the labels of the data. 
                        2.A team is preparing to develop and deploy an ML model for use on a shopping website. They have collected a 
                          little data to train the model. The team plans on gathering more data once the model is developed. 
                          Now they are ready for the next phase, training.Which of these scenarios will most likely lead to 
                          successful deployment of the ML model?
                        ANS: The team should take time to gather more data because the quality and architecture of the model are
                        affected by the amount of data.
                         3.An online shopping company has a team of customer representatives read emails from customers. Depending
                           upon the content of the email, the representative routes the email to the appropriate department.
                           The company would like to alleviate the customer representatives task by automating it. Your team has 
                           been asked to create an app to read customer emails and determine which department should handle it.
                           Which of these would be a good way to structure the app (chose all that apply)?
                         ANS:The team should use several models in the app, one for each task. If there are any pre-existing models 
                             the team should use them
